You wake up in a mall. Everything is colored in blue and pink light. You are staring at what looks like a row of white shelves, perfectly empty except for a single glowing object. The mall is completely empty and you can't see anyone else around, but soft music is playing.

What do you do?

> Exet nall

You have gotta be typo'ing on purpose, I know you're smarter than that.
I mean, come on, it's "exit mall" right. That's what you meant right

Anyway. You wander around the mall shelves for a while. But, for some reason, you always seem to come back to the same place. There are no people anywhere. The white shelves stretch into infinity and all of them are empty except that single glowing object that recurs over and over and over again. You can't tell if you're passing a bunch of different white shelves that all have that one object surrounded by empty space or if you're somehow looping through space to end up back where you started.

What do you do?

> use shelves to break roof and leave

That's... well, okay, so you try to climb the shelves, but your limbs are just too weak. You are a skinny little noodle arm thing. Actually, you might not even be human. Humans aren't supposed to have black noodly limbs, right? You can barely climb anything, and something just tells you you won't make it very high up if you try to climb.

Also, more importantly, the shelves go up forever. There is no ceiling.

> look for dumbbell

You try to look for some dumbbells to strengthen your weak noodly little arms, but unfortunately, like I already said, the shelves are totally empty except for that weird glowing object (which you still haven't looked at, by the way).  There are no dumbbells. It is very sad because surely you need exercise if you can't even climb a simple infinite mall shelf, I mean, that's gotta be the most basic of accomplishments right.

> jump jack

What... Okay, you REALLY want to try this. Fine. You do some jumping jacks. Then you do some more jumping jacks. Then you do some more, then some more, then... After an unknown amount of time, you don't feel different AT ALL. But you also don't feel tired for some reason. You have no idea if this is having an effect or not. You might just be wasting your time here.

> dream?

This might be a dream. It does feel like a dream. You're not human, and your body is so weak and everything just feels... wrong. You don't know where you are or why you're here. You have a lot of questions and nobody is around to answer them.

The glowing object is still on the shelf.

> s;eap to real place

You try to wake yourself up, but to no avail. It's not working. You pinch yourself (your hands are black and crooked and don't look or feel like hands), and you scream very loudly, and you do some more jumping jacks, but... nothing.

Are you really not gonna look at the glowing object it's been RIGHT THERE c'mon

> kill me

Wow, okay, that got dark real quick. Well, you can't just kill yourself like that, you know. You need a way to do it. How are you gonna try?

> shealzes crush

You try to push over the shelves and... alright, sensing that you apparently lack a will to live, the shelves start crumbling on top of you. Less of a falling down and more of a... everything is dissolving. You can't see or breathe. You can't feel anything. You can't-

YOU ARE DEAD
GAME OVER
YOU LOSE

Try again?

> no i want switch


